dwlocstat
=========

This is a tool for examining Dwarf location info coverage.  It goes
through DIEs of given binary's debug info that represent variables and
function parameters.  For each such DIE, it computes coverage of that
DIE's range (list of addresses of DIE's scope) by location expressions
(a description of where given variable is located at given location:
e.g. a variable can be in a register).

Coverage is expressed by percentage of covered addresses of DIE's
scope.  If each address of DIE's scope is covered by at least one
location expression, the coverage is 100%.  If none are covered at
all, the coverage is 0.0% (sharp zero).  The program assigns coverage
to each relevant DIE, and then tabulates the data.  Output might look
something like this:

    coverage%       samples         cumulative
    0..10           1049/29%        1049/29%
    11..20          67/1%           1116/31%
    21..30          95/2%           1211/34%
    31..40          84/2%           1295/36%
    41..50          69/1%           1364/38%
    51..60          100/2%          1464/41%
    61..70          58/1%           1522/42%
    71..80          85/2%           1607/45%
    81..90          102/2%          1709/48%
    91..100         1851/51%        3560/100%

This says that there were 1049 variable or parameter DIEs whose
coverage was less than or equal to 10%.  Those 1049 DIEs comprise 29%
of total number of processed DIEs, which is 3560.  The way theh
tabulation is done is configurable.

In addition to this, dwlocstat allows dumping DIEs matching certain
criteria, such as all inlined DIEs.  It can similarly exclude such
DIEs from consideration.

DW_OP_GNU_implicit_pointer
--------------------------

This opcode is handled differently from the others.  When an
expression is encountered that uses this operator, and no other
expression covers the address under consideration, such address is not
counted as covered.  Instead the program checks whether the location
expression at the DIE referenced by this operator covers this address.
This behavior can be turned off by an option.
